What about Captain Boday?
Captain Boday?
You want me to bring
Captain Boday to your
quarters for dinner?
It's just a suggestion.
It's a bad suggestion.
Number one, you used
to go out with Captain Boday;
number two, Worf hates him;
and number three--
and we've discussed this
many times--
Captain Boday has
a transparent skull.
And you don't like
to see a man's brains.
Ops.
What about Dr. Trag'tok?
He's intelligent;
he has a good physique...
and he has
a very opaque cranium.
but his eye bothers me.
True,
Which one?
The middle one.
( sighs ):
Oh, really.
You are so obsessed
with appearances.
And sometimes your taste
in men frightens me.
I'll make sure
to tell Worf you said so.
WORF:
Tell me what?
Don't be so nosy.
Hmm. You could always
invite Odo as a friend.
( sighs )
I'm not ready for that;
Odo's not ready for that.
Let's just forget that
you brought that one up.
Two raktajinos,
extra-strong, and a kavaroll.
I'm coming to dinner
alone, got it?
I got it.
Three place settings.
I'll bring the wine.
( console beeping )
you better get out here.
Captain,
What is it?
I'm showing a power buildup
in the transporter buffer.
Someone's attempting
to beam into Ops.
From where?
I don't know.
within transporter range.
There are no ships
Are you hurt?
No.
But you'll be
exactly what I say.
unless you do
It can't be.
What do you want?
A fast ship
would be nice.
Security...
we have a hostage situation.
Clear a path
to Landing Pad A.
Sisko-seven-one-green.
Authorization:
Seven-one-green.
ODO:
Acknowledged, Captain.
Your runabout's waiting.
Let's go.
If you hurt her,
you will never
leave this station.
I promise you that.
Follow me, and she dies--
Hold it!
Ah-ah.
Not the turbolift.
Someone might cut the power,
and we'd be trapped inside.
Then we walk.
Your, uh, uniform...
I've never seen
one like it.
You're not with the
Alliance, are you?
There is no Alliance here.
Then I have crossed
into the alternate universe.
Tell you one thing.
The food's better.
So, I take it you're running
from the Alliance.
Now you know the
story of my life.
So, once you get
your ship, what then?
Believe me,
wherever I end up
is going to be
a lot better
than where I've been.
I can believe that.
I've spent some time
in your universe.
I'll bet you were
glad to leave it.
Now which way?
That way.
How many levels before
we reach the landing pad?
Fifty-seven.
( groaning )
Oh...
Here we are.
Landing Pad A.
( sighs )
Open it.
I've got a better idea.
Why don't you hand
over that disruptor?
Oh, you've been
so cooperative up to now.
I'd hate
to have to kill you.
You're not going
to kill me.
Oh, you sure of that?
You're not going
to kill anyone--
not with that disruptor.
Power cell's cracked.
How long have you known?
Since we left Ops.
Then... why
did you come with me?
I needed the exercise.
And I have to get away.
You all right, Major?
I'm fine.
The resemblance
to Vedek Bareil
is remarkable.
Well, this is the cleanest
interrogation chamber
I've ever been in.
I've been in quite a few.
And believe me,
I'm glad
you're comfortable.
Now, do you mind
telling me
where you got ahold
of this?
A Terran rebel
gave it to me.
transporter device-- nice gift.
Hmm. A multidimensional
We were very close.
So when do I get
to meet myself?
Meaning what?
Well, this is
the alternate
universe, correct?
Everything's the
same but different
which means
there's another
Bareil Antos here.
There was.
Was?
He's dead.
You knew him, didn't you?
Then that's why you
seemed to recognize me.
What was he like?
Does that really matter?
He was someone you cared about.
Oh...
Major...
I know I have no right
to ask you this,
but you could do me a big favor.
Destroy that device.
Why?
they can't send me back.
Because then
I can't do that.
I'm sorry.
Please, Major.
You've been there.
You know what it's like.
Put me in prison,
in a labor camp,
whatever you want.
Just let me stay.
get this straight, Major.
Now, let me
to press charges.
You're refusing
That's right.
ever intended to hurt me.
I don't think Bareil
Well, I suppose
we should
just send him back
where he came from.
No. He doesn't want
to go back
to that universe
and I don't blame him.
I know what you're
going through, Major.
When I met the other
Jennifer Sisko,
it was very confusing,
to say the least.
I knew she wasn't my wife,
but sometimes she would smile
at me a certain way...
would hit her eyes...
and then the light
and it was my Jennifer--
at least that's what
I wanted to believe.
Captain,
is not Vedek Bareil.
I know this man
He doesn't talk like him;
he doesn't act like him.
He's a totally different person.
this connection with him
But you still feel
that you can't explain,
don't you?
It's not a problem.
Good.
it doesn't become one.
Just make sure
Major.
I just wanted
to say thank you
for putting in
a good word for me.
What are you going to do now?
I'm not sure.
I've been reading up
on your world, and...
( chuckling )
it's very different
from the Bajor I know.
Is that where you intend to go?
Well, I'm thinking...
about it.
Did you see that?
People keep
staring at me.
It's because the man
that you look like
was loved and respected
by a lot of people.
He was a vedek.
A vedek.
A religious leader.
( laughing )
Imagine me a religious leader.
I'm glad you find it funny.
I'm going to be late
for services.
Wait. I didn't
mean to offend you.
It's just the kind
of life I've led
hasn't been very...
spiritual.
In fact, I don't think I've
ever been inside a temple.
Well, now's your chance.
You're welcome to join me.
In there?
I don't think so.
Besides, if I go in there,
to start believing
people are going
I really am Vedek Bareil.
I'd like to avoid.
That's something
I can understand that.
( chimes tinkling )
( whispering ):
What are you doing here?
I figured
I could use
a little spiritual
guidance.
That's not funny.
It wasn't meant to be.
I plan on making a new
life for myself here.
I'm going to need all
the help I can get.
( soft music playing )
Tolata impara no takash.
With humility and gratitude,
we accept this gift.
Veshanoo yavar ha iktasho.
What's in the box?
The Orb of Prophecy
and Change.
Orb?
A gift from the Prophets.
It can foresee the future or...
a possible future anyway.
Who are the Prophets?
Our Gods.
You do have Gods, don't you?
Of course we do.
You don't sound too sure.
I leave them alone,
That's because
Shh!
they leave me alone.
So what'd you think?
I'm not sure.
It... was an interesting
ceremony, but...
But what?
Everybody seemed
to take it so seriously.
What's wrong with that?
I suppose it must be nice
to have that kind of faith.
I've always preferred
to believe in nothing.
That way
I'm never disappointed.
Oh, that doesn't sound
like much of a life.
Maybe not...
but it's all mine.
Anyway, I'm glad I had
this chance to see you again.
It was...
very enlightening.
Thank you, Major.
Bareil.
Do you like Klingon food?
An hour later,
returns to my cell.
the Klingon guard
He puts down what's supposed
to be my "last" meal.
I slip his mek'leth
out of its scabbard,
hide it in my shirt.
to deactivate the sensor alarm,
That night, I used the blade
to open the cell door.
my earring
they realized I was gone,
By the time
to the Ventar system.
I was halfway
( both laughing )
That's one hell
of a story.
And that is all it is--
a story.
Excuse me?
It was well told
but there was no truth
to any of it.
Oh, you're sure of that.
WORF:
You want us to believe
that you stole a mek'leth
from a Klingon warrior.
Worf, it's not polite
to accuse the guest of lying.
BAREIL:
No, it's all right.
Obviously,
I was exaggerating.
Would you like
to do the honors?
Mmm. Allow me.
I believe...
this is yours?
think now, Worf?
What do you
Bareil is a better thief
Obviously,
than I gave him credit for.
More bloodwine.
Why not?
You are a
lucky woman.
Why is that?
You have
good friends.
They liked you.
You think so?
Oh. Well, why do you
sound so surprised?
You must have had
friends back home.
I can think of one.
If you'd rather not
talk about it...
There's not much to say.
She died.
I'm sorry.
It's all right.
It happened
a long time ago.
This is home.
I'm sorry the evening has
to end on such a sad note.
Would you like to come in?
Have a raktajino?
Her name was Lisea.
I first saw her
on the street in Ilvia.
Oh, I couldn't take
my eyes off of her.
She had the most
attractive little...
money sack
hanging from her waist.
Don't tell me
you stole it.
She should've known better
than to carry her money
so carelessly in Ilvia.
It's a very dangerous place.
Turns out, she'd just arrived
from one of the mining camps
in the hills
of Dahkur Province.
I come from
Dahkur Province.
Only here it's all farmland.
When I met her, she was working
in an Ilvian pleasure center.
And you decided to take
her away from all that.
I taught her
how to be a thief.
The funny thing is
she was so grateful.
She felt I saved her life.
Maybe you did.
If anyone was saved,
it was me.
We were having dinner
in a bar one night.
A fight broke out.
Drunken Cardassian
pulled out his disruptor
and started firing.
We were together five years.
And in all that time,
how much she meant to me.
I never told her
I know what it's
like to lose someone.
that transporter device,
When I activated
I had no idea where I'd end up.
I'd be sitting here...
I never thought
with you.
Two days ago...
all I wanted was to be alone.
Major...
Don't you think it's
time you called me Nerys?
What did you say
these were called?
Alvas. They grow
all over Bajor.
Not my Bajor.
I can't believe
you're still hungry.
After a big Klingon meal,
I usually don't eat
for two days.
Ever since I got here,
I can't stop eating.
What is it?
Nothing.
This must be very
strange for you.
You and I here together...
me looking like him.
Fortunately, you're
not anything like him.
You mean
he didn't eat in bed?
Antos was very
disciplined.
He had a strict routine
he never deviated from.
He only ate
two meals a day.
Simple food.
He used to say
"When you overindulge
the body..."
"You starve the soul."
How did you know that?
I did a little research--
enough to know
that when he died,
Bajor suffered a great loss.
I would've given...
my life to save his.
But all I could do
was just stand there
and watch his slip away.
Are you tired?
Not anymore.
Want to get
an early breakfast?
( laughing )
Sounds good.
My medical requisitions.
Why didn't you
just download them
into the computer?
Oh, um, I don't know.
Thought I might
stretch my legs.
See what was
happening in Ops.
Kira hasn't shown up yet.
Kira?
You are so transparent.
What are you talking about?
Your guilt is quite clear,
Doctor.
Guilt? About what?
About medical requisitions?
Don't be ridiculous.
Julian, Kira's personal life
is her own.
We're her friends.
We should respect
her privacy.
How'd it go last night?
Good morning, Nerys.
You mean dinner?
We had a great time. Why?
Uh, she means after
dinner but you don't
have to answer that
because we don't want
to invade your privacy.
But if you want to tell us
about it, we'll listen.
It went... well.
I told you.
I never doubted it.
Well, I, uh...
think I should be getting
back to the Infirmary.
Unless, um, there are
any more details forthcoming.
Good-bye, Doctor.
Good-bye.
General Martok's scout ships?
Worf, any news from
They report no Dominion activity
along the border.
Let's hope it stays that way.
Are you seeing him tonight?
At the Bajoran shrine.
That doesn't sound
very romantic.
He's going to have
his first Orb experience.
Your idea, I suppose?
No, actually,
it was his.
He's curious about
Bajoran spirituality.
It's a new
concept for him.
Well, it's not a midnight
swim in the holosuites,
but if it makes you happy.
So, where is this vedek?
He'll be here.
Now stop pacing.
This is an Orb experience,
not an execution.
I just don't want
to disappoint anyone.
That's sweet, but I'm
not going to judge you.
I know that.
I meant the Prophets.
What do I say to them?
You don't have
to say or do anything.
I just...
stare into the Orb.
Actually, it's more like
the Orb stares into you.
Welcome, my child.
Are you ready to proceed?
Yes.
Your pagh is strong.
You are ready to face
the will of the Prophets.
Come.
( keypad beeping )
Thank you. I'm...
not hungry.
Well, that's a change.
When you had your
first Orb experience
did you understand it?
I don't know that
anyone fully understands
an Orb experience--
not at first anyway.
You have to live
with it for a while.
Absorb it.
And then...?
And then one day, it...
becomes a part of you
a part of who you are.
I thought I would get
a glimpse of the future.
It was more than that.
It changes you.
There were so many images.
I couldn't keep
track of them all.
He was there.
Vedek Bareil.
We were together,
talking, but...
it was all mixed up.
I-I-I was him.
He was me.
It's all very confusing.
I don't think we should
be talking about this.
If I can't tell
you about it,
who can I tell?
No one.
An Orb experience
isn't meant to be shared.
I feel as if I could
sleep for days.
Well, that's a very
common reaction.
Why don't you get some rest?
I will.
Nerys...
It's all right.
I'll see you tomorrow.
( sighs )
I was wondering
when you'd get back.
What are you
doing here?
I know.
I'm early.
got the better of me.
But my curiosity
Besides, the thought
of you pining away for me
was too much to bear.
Now, tell me...
how's our little
plan progressing?
Couldn't be better.
Right on schedule.
That's just what
I was hoping to hear.
Now...
tell me everything
that's happened
since you got here.
Mmm, later.
I'm too tired.
Right now, all I want
to do is go to bed.
Mmm. Even better.
( chuckles )
I said I was tired.
You've never
been tired before.
It's been a long day.
I don't think
you're pleased
to see me.
Oh, it's her, isn't it?
( scoffing )
( laughing )
The Major's gotten to you.
Don't be stupid.
Oh, I'd be disappointed
the Major intoxicating.
if you didn't find
I mean, after all,
she is me...
or the next best
thing to me.
So...
what did you
think of her?
You are crazy.
Oh, we know what I'm like.
What about her?
I am not going to discuss this.
Oh, please.
Please.
I really want to know.
She's wonderful.
Mmm.
( laughing )
Oh, I knew it...
but she's too good for you.
We both are.
I mean, you're nothing
but a petty thief.
I know what I am.
That's it?
That's all you have to say?
I said I was tired.
Oh, Major Kira must...
This has nothing to do
with the Major. I...
I looked...
into the Orb today.
You did?
Oh, how very exciting.
So...
how soon can we
get our hands on it?
a 26-hour vigil in the shrine.
The vedeks are holding
Now, I cannot get near the place
until tomorrow night.
behind a force field keyed
The Orb is
to a decryption matrix.
Oh, which you can bypass.
That's what thieves do.
Oh...
today you're a thief
but tomorrow--
once we bring
our prize home--
you'll be the
Bearer of the Orb--
the holy man who unites
the Bajoran people
in a war against
the Alliance.
Just call me Vedek Bareil.
Think of it--
the wealth, the power.
You'll be like a god.
You're putting a lot of faith
in that Orb.
So will every
other Bajoran.
Oh, we're going
to have such fun.
I can hardly wait.
You do look tired.
You should
get some rest.
And tomorrow...
when you see the Major...
give her that...
for me.
Sleep well.
One more.
Coming right up.
What are you two
looking at?
Same goes
for the rest of you.
I am not
Vedek Bareil.
I just want to be left alone.
You heard the man.
Now, leave him be.
Sorry about that.
People can be so rude.
You know, I used to see
the vedek all the time
walking down the Promenade
with Major Kira.
Never came in here, though.
I guess dabo
wasn't his game.
It's an amazing resemblance.
Put you in a vedek's robe
and nobody would know
the difference.
Believe me, there's
a difference.
But not to the paying public.
You have a business
proposition for me?
Well, spit it out.
Picture this.
You seated here
wearing robes,
a long line of Bajorans
waiting patiently
to pay good money
just to meet Vedek Bareil--
maybe touch his hand.
Like I said,
I'm not Vedek Bareil.
A mere technicality.
You're the closest thing
to Vedek Bareil
they're ever going to see
which is why they're
going to love you.
I wouldn't know
what to say.
The less the better.
Just nod every once in a while
and smile... benignly.
It's very simple.
Later on, once you get
the hang of it,
you might even throw in
a blessing or two.
What do you think?
I've known people like
you my whole life--
nasty, greedy little minds
willing to do
whatever it takes
to make money.
I know just
how you think.
That's because you
think the same way.
( mirthless laugh )
I suppose I am
a lot more like you
than I'll ever be like...
Vedek Bareil.
Perfect.
Then we have a deal?
I'm afraid not.
Why?
Because right now
I don't like
either one of us.
( sighs )
It's a shame to see
such a perfect opportunity
go to waste.
Major, any idea
where they put
my shipment of
Saurian brandy?
Over there.
You heard her.
Your new boyfriend
came into my bar today.
Oh, did he?
He's... a little
different, isn't he?
From what?
From some of your
previous choices.
Don't get me wrong.
I had nothing against
Vedek Bareil or Shakaar,
but they were
a little too controlled--
a little too controlling.
They lacked
fire, excitement,
but this Bareil--
he's different.
He's full of surprises.
Oh, so I take it
that you like him.
Let's just say
I like the idea
of you with him.
But let me tell you
something, Major.
You'd better brace yourself.
You're in for a rough ride.
Oh, what are you
talking about?
I've been a bartender
for a long time.
I've seen all sorts
of customers--
sad ones, happy ones,
complicated ones.
Uh-huh, and Bareil--
where does he fit in?
He's one of the
tormented ones.
Tormented?
No, I don't think so.
Quark, you've had
an Orb experience.
You know what it's like.
Mmm... he had an Orb experience.
Interesting.
Oh, meaning what?
After he left the bar,
I saw him hanging around
the Bajoran shrine.
He must have been there
a couple of hours.
Well, he has
a lot on his mind.
He probably went there
to think things over.
Either that...
or he was figuring out a way
to rob the place.
What's this?
A union meeting?
Let's get going.
Nice chatting
with you, Major.
I hope you two...
are very happy together.
Well, what do you think?
Even I'd have trouble
telling you apart.
Wearing the
Major's clothes--
it feels so intimate.
Oh, admit it.
You've never found
me more exciting.
It's like having the
best of both worlds.
Let's try to stay focused,
all right?
We both have jobs to do.
You're right.
We'll celebrate later.
Did you get the com badges?
Ooh, what
nimble fingers.
Contact me the minute
you have the Orb.
Right.
You're going to look
so good wearing a crown.
( keypad beeping )
Everything quiet?
Yes, Major.
I'm sorry.
Good.
I need your level-6
authorization code.
Oh, is that
really necessary?
It's the new protocol--
the war?
Of course.
( gasps )
Is everything all right?
I must've pulled
a muscle
exercising in
the holosuites.
It's been bothering
me all day.
Would you mind massaging
my shoulders for me?
I could make it an order.
( chuckles )
Mmm. A little
harder, please.
Ooh, such strong hands.
If only we had some
warm Somata oil.
That would be nice,
wouldn't it?
I guess.
You have a lot to learn
about giving a massage.
( force field deactivates )
KIRA:
What's that
old saying?
Once a thief?
What are you doing here?
The question is:
Nerys?
How did you know?
I didn't.
You had me completely fooled.
in search of redemption.
The thief
Who could
resist that?
Obviously, not me.
fall for your little act.
Luckily, Quark didn't
Now, step away from the altar.
I wish I could, but I can't.
I've come too far.
Then you came a long way
for nothing.
Nerys.
as beautiful as ever.
Oh, you look
You're just full
of surprises, aren't you?
Well, it's
only fair.
You had your Bareil;
I have mine.
You were supposed to wait for me
at the transporter pad.
Oh, don't worry.
I have the transporter
keyed to this control.
All I have to do
is tap this key
and we're on
our way home.
Besides,
I couldn't leave
without saying
hello to myself.
The transporter sensors
showed that you weren't
alone in the shrine
and I was hoping
it was you, Nerys.
Bareil's smart
but you're smarter.
We really are
alike, aren't we?
You can't let her
have the Orb.
It's too dangerous.
Will you stop
wasting your breath?
Antos and I are a team.
We're destined to do
great things together.
If we're going, let's go.
You don't have to do this.
Oh, isn't that sweet?
She is still trying
to save your soul.
Of course,
you don't have one.
She's right.
I'm not worth saving.
You sound pretty certain
of that.
Look at him.
Really... look at him.
It's important
that you see him
for what he truly is.
I do.
So...
you were just using me
to get to the Orb.
Is that what I'm supposed
to believe?
Believe anything you want.
Please, Nerys, don't
embarrass yourself.
You made a mistake.
You let Bareil
make a fool of you.
That's bad enough.
Don't make it worse
by denying what happened.
Just accept it and move on.
Why should I?
It's not true.
You know that as well as I do.
You may have come here
for the Orb,
but you found something else.
And people say that
I have a large ego.
Tell her, Antos.
Tell her how you
were using her.
That everything you
told her was a lie.
That every time
you touched her,
all you could think about
was me.
Oh...
When she wakes up, I'll have
a lot of explaining to do.
And if you don't
have the Orb, she'll kill you.
Maybe.
That'll certainly be
her first reaction,
but I've talked my way back
into her good graces before.
I'll be all right.
I guess this is good-bye.
It's for the best.
You know what I saw
when I looked
into that Orb?
You and me...
together...
on Bajor.
We had a life...
a family.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
Might even work...
for a while.
But eventually,
I'd find some way
to ruin it.
I'm a thief.
I belong with her.
Then you should go.